Add log integration (#7616)
DataDog/integrations-core: gearmand/README.md

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

#### Log collection

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    logs_enabled: true
    ```

> 2. Add this configuration block to your `gearmand.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your SQL Server logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add this configuration block to your `gearmand.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your Gearman logs:
```
